I know you are not an engineer or someone that repairs phone but my phone feels empty can you please fill it with your number 

have you ever heard of the phrase skin like milk ? well milk is white and your skin is bright if you hold my hands I promise not to leave your sight 

sorry does the Wi-Fi here works I am trying to figure out the password to the Wi-Fi but now I am interested in the password to unlock your smile

do you know of any jewelry stores here? so if precious diamonds and gold can be found in jewelry stores then I am wondering what you are doing outside 

while talking just use this " I don't know your parents but please can you let them know I'm a great fan of their work" 

do you sometimes feel tired of being an adult? well you can be my baby 

hello I think there is something stuck on your face , oh sorry  don't mind me I'm just trying to stay at your face a little longer

could you help me with the word that rhymes with tech ? how about spec because that's what you are

hey I would really love to call you gorgeous but I can't right now.   because for me to call you I would have to have your number first

sorry I seem to have a problem with my phone brightness I'm trying to brighten up your day but I think your smile will be brighter. 

today's not the first day of the month but when are we going to go on our first date 

do you drive? I'd say you're lying cause Your beauty is driving me crazy 

sorry what number comes after 8 . 9 ? well you can be mine i don't mind. 

did you go near fire recently ? because you look hot

hey how are you an art student ? because you look like a work of art.

are you on Instagram? can I have your @ because you just stole my heart 

hey sorry I'm running a quick survey and I just want to ask you a quick question like between sugar and Honey which one is sweeter. then which one would you like me to call you, Hello honey 

do you know where I can buy fuel  ? actually I know fuel is scarce right now but with your stunning beauty I think I found my fuel 

hey do you know a colour that goes with pink and blue ?  what about me and you

hey sorry are you from edo because  since I saw you you've been in my head oh

please what's name of this drink? 5alive . oh I would love to have you in my life

hey please my phone is dead can you tell me what the time is? oh I just want to remember the exact time I met someone this beautiful

sorry are you a chef, or do you bake? because you look like a snack 

sorry do you have a pen or pencil because I want to erase your past and write our future together


